Ye Ci
Honey,
You have a phone now?
Today is my birthday
so they gave me a phone
Where’s Le Le?
Let me talk to our son
Nian Nian
Nian Nian... he
I want Le Le to record a video for me
To wish me a happy birthday
Is that okay?
Alright,
I’ll send the video after it’s done
What now?
What are you afraid of?
It’s just a video, right?
Ye Ci
she wants a video of her son
Where are you going to find someone to film that for her?
Back then when Ye Ci
was sent to prison
Her son was only 8 months old
And in the past seven years
you never took Le Le to visit her
Do you think
she even remembers
what her son looks like?
You mean...
Isn’t there a kid already available?
Smart thinking, as always
Hey kid
What’s this?
A plane
It’s a gift for you
Can you help me with something—
Mom, I’m Le Le
Happy birthday, Mom
I love you the most
Duan Xiao Jian
Where are you hiding my son?
Ye Ci, what are you doing here?